articles/bytecode_module.md, before:

# Bytecode module

The bytecode module transforms your clientside code to V8 bytecode on the serverside before the files are sent to the client. Thus,
it makes stealing the original source files by dumping them clientside **completely impossible**.

*But* it is still possible to dump the generated bytecode and reverse the logic, so the module does not 100% protect your code from being stolen.
*But* again, that is a very time intensive and exhausting process, so it would be **very hard** to reverse actually accurate working code from the
bytecode.

It is recommended to *only use the bytecode module in production*. This is because the source files are missing for the client, so it is not possible
to generate a stack trace or any other additional debug information, making debugging errors and other issues a lot harder.

## Setting up the bytecode module

Setting up the bytecode module is a relatively easy process, just follow the steps below:

1. Download the bytecode module, and place the downloaded `.dll` or `.so` in your `modules` directory
2. Add `js-bytecode-module` to the `modules` array in the `server.cfg`
3. *For every resource you want to use the bytecode module for* set the `client-type` in the `resource.cfg` to `jsb`
4. Start the server

Now every time you start the server you should get logs similiar to this one:
```
Converted file to bytecode: path/file.js
```

There is still an optional step left, but this step is *only* needed when the code is using **dynamic import** to import any files,
that are not otherwise imported. As the module compiles all imported files recursively, by starting from the main file and compiling
all its dependencies (modules imported with the `import` statement), it is not possible for the module to know the files that are dynamically imported.
So these have to be manually specified, so they are also compiled.
To do this just:

5. Add all files that should additionally be compiled to the `extra-compile-files` array in the `resource.cfg`

That array accepts the same paths as the `client-files` option does, so it is possible to include a whole folder for example.

## Troubleshooting

### Help! I have an error saying...

First of all, **make sure your code runs without any errors**. If the code has any errors in the top level code (like syntax errors),
the module will fail to compile.

If the code runs fine without the bytecode module but the module still reports an error, contact us on [Discord](https://discord.altv.mp).

### The server crashes while the bytecode module is compiling files

This is most often caused by using `await` inside a function that is not declared `async`.
Unfortunately, because of a bug inside the V8 bytecode compiler, this causes a crash that can not be stopped.

So if your server is crashing while compiling the files, check to see if you are using an `await` outside of an `async` function anywhere.

Commit message:

Add additional remark to bytecode module article

articles/bytecode_module.md, after:

# Bytecode module

The bytecode module transforms your clientside code to V8 bytecode on the serverside before the files are sent to the client. Thus,
it makes stealing the original source files by dumping them clientside **completely impossible**.

*But* it is still possible to dump the generated bytecode and reverse the logic, so the module does not 100% protect your code from being stolen.
*But* again, that is a very time intensive and exhausting process, so it would be **very hard** to reverse actually accurate working code from the
bytecode.
Also, the structure of the V8 bytecode keeps changing over time and is *barely documented at all*, and there is currently no known public "tool"
to reverse V8 bytecode into valid JavaScript code.

It is recommended to *only use the bytecode module in production*. This is because the source files are missing for the client, so it is not possible
to generate a stack trace or any other additional debug information, making debugging errors and other issues a lot harder.

## Setting up the bytecode module

Setting up the bytecode module is a relatively easy process, just follow the steps below:

1. Download the bytecode module, and place the downloaded `.dll` or `.so` in your `modules` directory
2. Add `js-bytecode-module` to the `modules` array in the `server.cfg`
3. *For every resource you want to use the bytecode module for* set the `client-type` in the `resource.cfg` to `jsb`
4. Start the server

Now every time you start the server you should get logs similiar to this one:
```
Converted file to bytecode: path/file.js
```

There is still an optional step left, but this step is *only* needed when the code is using **dynamic import** to import any files,
that are not otherwise imported. As the module compiles all imported files recursively, by starting from the main file and compiling
all its dependencies (modules imported with the `import` statement), it is not possible for the module to know the files that are dynamically imported.
So these have to be manually specified, so they are also compiled.
To do this just:

5. Add all files that should additionally be compiled to the `extra-compile-files` array in the `resource.cfg`

That array accepts the same paths as the `client-files` option does, so it is possible to include a whole folder for example.

## Troubleshooting

### Help! I have an error saying...

First of all, **make sure your code runs without any errors**. If the code has any errors in the top level code (like syntax errors),
the module will fail to compile.

If the code runs fine without the bytecode module but the module still reports an error, contact us on [Discord](https://discord.altv.mp).

### The server crashes while the bytecode module is compiling files

This is most often caused by using `await` inside a function that is not declared `async`.
Unfortunately, because of a bug inside the V8 bytecode compiler, this causes a crash that can not be stopped.

So if your server is crashing while compiling the files, check to see if you are using an `await` outside of an `async` function anywhere.
