articles/faq.md, before:

## FAQ

Here you can see Frequently Asked Question and its answers.

## Will the limits of GTA:V be increased?

Some limits have already been increased. If you need to increase a limit, you can do it with a rpf resource. A tutorial can be found [here](~/altv-docs-gta/articles/tutorials/overwrite_gameconfig.md).

## Does alt:V work on Linux?

There are native builds of the alt:V server for Linux, however the client itself has no official Linux support.

Some people have gotten it to work with Wine or Proton though. You can attempt to run it yourself by installing both GTA V and alt:V in the same Wine prefix, but there is no guarantee it'll run as stable as a native Windows install.

## Is or will alt:V be open-source?

Partly. Many of the core parts aren't open-source. Other components are open-source however. These can be found over on [GitHub.com/altMP](https://github.com/altmp). Plans to make more components of alt:V open-source in the future have already been made.

## Do I have to pay for more server slots?

**No!** More server slots are currently, and will always be free.
The only limit is the hardware which the server is running on.

## How can I contribute to alt:V?

There are multiple ways, you can directly contribute to open source projects on [GitHub.com/altMP](https://github.com/altmp) or ask on our [Discord](https://discord.altv.mp/).
Another way would be to support us financially on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/altVMP).

## How can I get a token for Masterlist?

You need to message the discord bot Master-Bot#3667 and write him the message "token".
You need to be at least 31d on our [Discord](https://discord.altv.mp/).

## Is a token needed for development?

No, a token isn't needed to develop on alt:V, the token is only needed to announce your server on Masterlist.

## I have problems with pirate game copy & alt:V?

We doesn't support pirate copy of the game. You can buy a license copy in game stores like Steam, Epic Games or Rockstar Games Launcher.

Commit message:

Add info about getting token from server manager (#219)
* Add info about getting token from server manager

* Remove alt:V from server manager name

articles/faq.md, after:

## FAQ

Here you can see Frequently Asked Question and its answers.

## Will the limits of GTA:V be increased?

Some limits have already been increased. If you need to increase a limit, you can do it with a rpf resource. A tutorial can be found [here](~/altv-docs-gta/articles/tutorials/overwrite_gameconfig.md).

## Does alt:V work on Linux?

There are native builds of the alt:V server for Linux, however the client itself has no official Linux support.

Some people have gotten it to work with Wine or Proton though. You can attempt to run it yourself by installing both GTA V and alt:V in the same Wine prefix, but there is no guarantee it'll run as stable as a native Windows install.

## Is or will alt:V be open-source?

Partly. Many of the core parts aren't open-source. Other components are open-source however. These can be found over on [GitHub.com/altMP](https://github.com/altmp). Plans to make more components of alt:V open-source in the future have already been made.

## Do I have to pay for more server slots?

**No!** More server slots are currently, and will always be free.
The only limit is the hardware which the server is running on.

## How can I contribute to alt:V?

There are multiple ways, you can directly contribute to open source projects on [GitHub.com/altMP](https://github.com/altmp) or ask on our [Discord](https://discord.altv.mp/).
Another way would be to support us financially on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/altVMP).

## How can I get a token for Masterlist?

You need to sign in [Server Manager](https://my.alt-mp.com), create your server inside and copy token from "Private token" block.

## Is a token needed for development?

No, a token isn't needed to develop on alt:V, the token is only needed to announce your server on Masterlist or to test cloud auth.

## I have problems with pirate game copy & alt:V?

We don't support pirate copy of the game. You can buy a license copy in game stores like Steam, Epic Games or Rockstar Games Launcher.
